c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\obj\Debug\StudentsManager_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\obj\Debug\StudentsManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\obj\Debug\StudentsManager.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\obj\Debug\StudentsManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\obj\Debug\StudentsManager.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.exe.config
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.exe
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.pdb
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.Models.dll
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.ViewModels.dll
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.Models.pdb
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.ViewModels.pdb
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\obj\Debug\StudentsManager.exe
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\obj\Debug\StudentsManager.pdb
c:\users\илья\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\obj\Debug\StudentsManager_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Илья\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.DataAccess.Interface.dll
C:\Users\Илья\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.DataAccess.Interface.pdb
C:\Users\Илья\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Илья\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\Илья\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.Views.dll
C:\Users\Илья\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.Views.pdb
C:\Users\Илья\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.CSV.dll
C:\Users\Илья\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DI-Example\DI-Example\bin\Debug\StudentsManager.CSV.pdb
